VPC-Section-Formatting (#141)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/resources/network_interface_attachment.md

}
```

## Argument reference

The following arguments are required:

* `instance_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the instance to attach.
* `network_interface_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the network interface to attach.
* `device_index` - (Required, Forces new resource, Integer) The network interface index.

## Attribute reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

> * `attachment_id` - (String) The ID of the ENI attachment.

Reviewer: Еще есть `id`, который совпадает с `attachment_id`

> * `attachment_id` - (String) The ID of the ENI attachment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `attachment_id` - (String) The ID of the network interface attachment.
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `instance_id` - (Required, Forces new resource) (String) Instance ID to attach.

> * `network_interface_id` - (Required, Forces new resource) (String) Network interface ID to attach.

Reviewer 2: во многих местах остается написание Resource ID вместо The ID of the resource ...
чет наверно начали править не в ту сторону...
надо все-таки унифицировать
